Welcome back.
Now let's talk a little bit about state front end development.
I'm sure you all have this question and you've definitely seen these three logos before angular react
and view.
Yes.
These are the top three frameworks and libraries to build your front end applications today.
All of them with the goal of managing large applications on the front end that have a lot of javascript.
See the files over here.
They need to manage the and they were built to solve that problem.
For companies to be able to hire developers and make sure that these developers can work with many many
lines of code in a nice clean way.
Now there are plenty of articles out there comparing these tools so you can read that on your own.
Because if there's one thing certain in the javascript community is that there is no shortage of these
articles.
However I do want to add one thing that a senior developer knows these libraries and frameworks are
just tools and just like tools.
Each one of them is perfect for its own specific use case.
Now you'll always find people that say oh this library is the best.
The other one sucks.
You know I'm Team mangler.
I'm team react.
Or that they'll never ever build an app using this other library.
This is not a good way of thinking and doing things especially when it comes to these three front end
tools you see each one of them has pros and cons and a senior developer only cares about which tool
is good for the job at hand.
And I want to start thinking like this and avoid following a library like the answer to all the problems
in the world that simply won't exist won't ever exist.
There's never a tool that solves everything.
Tools change libraries evolve and you may be a view yes expert now but in five years if things change
and there is a different tool that's even better.
You need to be able to adapt.
So think of these as tools.
Each one with its pros and cons and as a senior developer you'll be able to look at them and say this
is good for this problem.
This for the other end be able to pick tools accordingly currently though.
If I was going to pick one of these.
This is what I would do and this is my thinking process.
If I was working for a large bank with massive codebase I'd pick angular.
Why.
Because angular is a framework which means it is an entire kitchen.
They offer you and it's own way of doing things.
It is opinionated in that it has specific ways of doing things so that if you have a lot of developers
like a bank with a massive project you can be sure that everyone sticks to the rules.
Everybody's working in the same kitchen with the same tools I would pick react if I work for a company
with a strong developer team and that also needs to be flexible and evolve by adding different libraries
and tools to the ecosystem.
And I can trust developers to build on top of react with all these different tools something that works
for our company something flexible would pick view if we want a simple way of writing code that is friendly
it might be easier to pick up.
If you hire a lot of junior developers Now these are just my opinions but you want to start thinking
this way.
Think in terms of pros and cons.
Like I said and not absolutes where we say this is the best.
This sucks.
Senior developers don't do that.
For now though you should know that re-act is a clear winner.
You can see this graph over here.
I know there's tons of graphs out there but in terms of job opportunities and why you can do with react
it really really stands above all the others.
And this might change over time but again it's good to not get really really excited about it.
It's become really popular with the developer community.
Perhaps maybe wait until it picks up and job demand.
But again just something to keep in mind and look at the reason I teach react in this course is not
because it has the biggest job market and potential for you.
I mean that too that definitely helps and this was part of the consideration but it's mainly because
it teaches you really good javascript principles that will last you a lifetime beyond just the library
syntax with angular for example.
This is hard to do and view is still young and growing.
Anyway let's go back to this again.
A good way of thinking about this is to think of angular like the kitchen an entire kitchen with all
the tools you need to cook whatever you want and everybody works in the same kitchen.
React is the oven.
If we want to cook something yeah we'll use the oven.
But we also need other tools and we'll need to use whichever tool that we want and added to be able
to build it.
But it allows us more flexibility and think of view as the microwave.
It's super simple easy to pick up and a lot less complicated than an oven.
So need to make sure everyone uses the same kitchen to cook use angular need to cook something but you
also want to get a little flexible and creative maybe have some creative freedom use react and so on
and so forth.
I know it might be a silly example.
I think it's pretty good.
But again I'm biased.
For now we're going to be using re-act.
All right time to get started.
I'll see you in the next video.